RUMM-1390 Add documentation for Custom Timings (#625)
DataDog/dd-sdk-android: docs/configure_rum_android_sdk.md

      }
   ```

### Add your own performance timing

> On top of RUM’s default attributes, you may measure where your application is spending its time with greater flexibility. The `addTiming` API provides you with a simple way to add extra performance timing. The timing measure will be relative to the start of the current RUM view. For example, you can add a timing when your hero image has appeared:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to RUM’s default attributes, you can measure where your application is spending its time by using the `addTiming` API. The timing measure is relative to the start of the current RUM view. For example, you can time how long it takes for your hero image to appear:
```

   ```kotlin
       fun onHeroImageLoaded() {
           GlobalRum.get().addTiming("hero_image")
       } 
   ```

> Once the timing is sent, the timing will be accessible as `@view.custom_timings.<timing_name>` (For example, `@view.custom_timings.hero_image`). You must create a measure before graphing it in RUM analytics or in dashboards. 

Reviewer 2: should we add a link to the page about custom measure creation as it is done in browser sdk doc?
